Quadlet - support ImageName for .image files (#20368)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-systemd.unit.5.md

The format of the name is the same as when passed to `podman pull`. So, it supports using
`:tag` or digests to guarantee the specific image version.

> ### `ImageName=`

Reviewer: Can we find an alternative name to `ImageName`?  I find them too close to be able to tell them apart.

Maybe `Tag?

Author: Done

The name of the image after being pulled.
This parameter should be used when the value of `Image` is not the name of the resulting image.

For example, an image that was saved into a `docker-archive` with the following command:

> `podman image save --format docker-archive --output /tmp/archive-file.tar docker.io/library/busybox:latest`

Reviewer: Can we use an image on Quay.io instead?  Maybe the Podman one or Fedora?

Author: AFAIK fedora is not on quay.io. Which Podman one are you referring to?

Reviewer: We could use the `hello` image. `quay.io/podman/hello:latest`

Author: Nevermind, done

Author: @vrothberg sorry I missed your comment and already changed it to something else from podman. Hope this is OK

The format of the name is the same as when passed to `podman pull`. So, it supports using
`:tag` or digests to guarantee the specific image version.

### `ImageTag=`

The name of the image after being pulled.
This parameter should be used when the value of `Image` is not the name of the resulting image.

> For example, an image that was saved into a `docker-archive` with the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, an image that was saved into a `docker-archive` with the following Podman command:
```

`podman image save --format docker-archive --output /tmp/archive-file.tar quay.io/podman/stable:latest`

> will require setting `Image=docker-archive:/tmp/archive-file.tar` and `ImageTag=quay.io/podman/stable:latest`

Reviewer 3: Possible different direction:
```markdown
Actual FQIN of the referenced `Image`; only meaningful when source is a file or directory
archive. For example, this locally-saved image file:

    # podman image save --format docker-archive -o /tmp/archive-file.tar quay.io/podman/stable:latest

...would be referenced as:

    Image=docker-archive:/tmp/archive-file.tar
    ImageTag=quay.io/podman/stable:latest
```

> will require setting `Image=docker-archive:/tmp/archive-file.tar` and `ImageTag=quay.io/podman/stable:latest`

Reviewer 2: IDK if this is closer, I'm struggling with the wording myself.
```suggestion
would require setting the value of the `Image` and `ImageTag` systemd configuration options to `Image=docker-archive:/tmp/archive-file.tar` and `ImageTag=quay.io/podman/stable:latest`
```

Reviewer 4: requires setting the `Image=docker-archive:/tmp/archive-file.tar` and `ImageTag=quay.io/podman/stable:latest`

Take the `will` and `would` out of it, and adding the image and imagetag names twice does not lead to clarity.
